README.md, before:

### For the marker:
- Our Trello page 
    - for iteration 1 (task tracking): https://trello.com/b/mpbIdgMg/iteration-1
    - for iteration 2: https://trello.com/b/JOCDOuCr
- To run the server:
    - `cd` into `Gradr/code/server`
    - run `sudo ./get_started.sh` to install all dependencies
    - run `sudo node main.js`
- To run tests:
    - `cd` into `Gradr/code/server`
    - install mocha testing framework with `sudo npm install -g mocha jsdom mocha-jsdom`
    - Make sure you've run the server once (this creates all tables for database and initializes things properly)
    - run `sudo ./run_tests.sh`
- To run Nightwatch (selenium) tests:
    - install Nighwatch globally `sudo npm install -g nightwatch`
    - `cd` into `Gradr/code/server`
    - run `nightwatch`
    - Google Chrome will open and close multiple times while tests run

### Getting started and setting up the dev environment:
- Set up a virtual machine running Ubuntu (or use your Ubuntu machine)
- `cd` into the `softeng2/code/server` directory and run `./get_started.sh`
    - you may have to modify the permissions on this file; if it doesn't run, try `chmod +x ./get_started.sh && ./get_started.sh`
- Node.js and all dependencies should now be installed. If you run into any issues, talk to Matt and he can probably walk you through it.
- To start the sever, run `sudo node main.js`

### Working on a new feature (using the command line):
- Make sure you have pulled the latest changes from the current iteration branch
- If your local copy is all up to date, create and checkout a new branch:
    - `git checkout -b name_of_new_feature`
- Commit your changes as you go, making sure to be descriptive
  - `git commit -m "Added a button to create a new image"`
  - _Note_: You can make breaking changes in feature branches, having more history is better!
- After you've made a few commits, be sure to push your changes to the remote
  - `git push`
  - Sometimes git will yell at you because it doesn't know where you want to push the changes, in this case, it usually shows you how to set the remote
    - e.g., `git --set-upstream origin/my-feature-branch`
- When you are finished working on a feature, it's time to create a pull request:
  - Go to the GitHub page for the project, find your branch, and click the "Create pull request" button
  - If you think everything looks good, submit the pull request
  - At *least* one other person should look through your code
    - If they think everything looks good, they are free to merge!
    - Sometimes auto-merging is possible. Other times, you're not so lucky. See the section "Fixing Merge Conflicts"

### Running Tests
- Make sure you have all packages installed by running `sudo npm install` in the `/code/server` directory
- run the run_tests script -- `./run_tests.sh`
- To stub the user table and the matches table, run `sudo node main.js --stub_all`.
  - You can also stub the user or matches tables individually by replacing `--stub_all` with `--stub_users` or `--stub_likes` respectively
    
    
### Fixing Merge Conflicts
Sometimes, when trying to merge your feature back into the iteration branch, you will run into merge conflicts.

- switch to your feature branch that cannot be auto-merged from the pull request
- create a new temporary branch in case all hell breaks loose (if things get really messed up, you can just delete the temporary branch and try again)
  - e.g., `git checkout -b temp_merging_branch`
- merge the iteration branch into the temporary branch
  - e.g., `git merge iteration0`
  - you will be warned that there are conflicts to be resolved and a give list of any files with conflicts
    - go fix the conflicts, committing the changes as you go
  - once all conflicts are fixed and changes are committed, you're ready to merge the temporary branch back into the feature branch
    - `git checkout my-feature-branch`
    - `git merge temp_merging_branch`
    - This should go smoothly, as you're essentially only applying the resolved merge conflicts
  - Now that your feature branch is all up-to-date, merge it into the iteration branch
    - `git checkout iteration0`
    - `git merge my-feature-branch`
  - Check that everything looks good and delete the temporary merging branch
    - `git branch -D temp_merging_branch`
    
All of this seems like a lot of work, but it will keep the merge history looking pretty good and will reduce headaches when there are many conflicts to resolve.

Commit message:

Updated readme and created plan document for iteration 3

README.md, after:

### For the marker:
- Our Trello page 
    - for iteration 1 (task tracking): https://trello.com/b/mpbIdgMg/iteration-1
    - for iteration 2: https://trello.com/b/JOCDOuCr
    - for iteration 3: https://trello.com/b/O1QovCWC
- To run the server:
    - `cd` into `Gradr/code/server`
    - run `sudo ./get_started.sh` to install all dependencies
    - run `sudo node main.js`
- To run tests:
    - `cd` into `Gradr/code/server`
    - install mocha testing framework with `sudo npm install -g mocha jsdom mocha-jsdom`
    - Make sure you've run the server once (this creates all tables for database and initializes things properly)
    - run `sudo ./run_tests.sh`
- To run Nightwatch (selenium) tests:
    - install Nighwatch globally `sudo npm install -g nightwatch`
    - `cd` into `Gradr/code/server`
    - run `nightwatch`
    - Google Chrome will open and close multiple times while tests run
- _(NEW)_ Two test accounts that have "matched" with each other are live on the server
    - test_account1 and test_account2 are the usernames
    - passwords are same as usernames

### Getting started and setting up the dev environment:
- Set up a virtual machine running Ubuntu (or use your Ubuntu machine)
- `cd` into the `softeng2/code/server` directory and run `./get_started.sh`
    - you may have to modify the permissions on this file; if it doesn't run, try `chmod +x ./get_started.sh && ./get_started.sh`
- Node.js and all dependencies should now be installed. If you run into any issues, talk to Matt and he can probably walk you through it.
- To start the sever, run `sudo node main.js`

### Working on a new feature (using the command line):
- Make sure you have pulled the latest changes from the current iteration branch
- If your local copy is all up to date, create and checkout a new branch:
    - `git checkout -b name_of_new_feature`
- Commit your changes as you go, making sure to be descriptive
  - `git commit -m "Added a button to create a new image"`
  - _Note_: You can make breaking changes in feature branches, having more history is better!
- After you've made a few commits, be sure to push your changes to the remote
  - `git push`
  - Sometimes git will yell at you because it doesn't know where you want to push the changes, in this case, it usually shows you how to set the remote
    - e.g., `git --set-upstream origin/my-feature-branch`
- When you are finished working on a feature, it's time to create a pull request:
  - Go to the GitHub page for the project, find your branch, and click the "Create pull request" button
  - If you think everything looks good, submit the pull request
  - At *least* one other person should look through your code
    - If they think everything looks good, they are free to merge!
    - Sometimes auto-merging is possible. Other times, you're not so lucky. See the section "Fixing Merge Conflicts"

### Running Tests
- Make sure you have all packages installed by running `sudo npm install` in the `/code/server` directory
- run the run_tests script -- `./run_tests.sh`
- To stub the user table and the matches table, run `sudo node main.js --stub_all`.
  - You can also stub the user or matches tables individually by replacing `--stub_all` with `--stub_users` or `--stub_likes` respectively
    
    
### Fixing Merge Conflicts
Sometimes, when trying to merge your feature back into the iteration branch, you will run into merge conflicts.

- switch to your feature branch that cannot be auto-merged from the pull request
- create a new temporary branch in case all hell breaks loose (if things get really messed up, you can just delete the temporary branch and try again)
  - e.g., `git checkout -b temp_merging_branch`
- merge the iteration branch into the temporary branch
  - e.g., `git merge iteration0`
  - you will be warned that there are conflicts to be resolved and a give list of any files with conflicts
    - go fix the conflicts, committing the changes as you go
  - once all conflicts are fixed and changes are committed, you're ready to merge the temporary branch back into the feature branch
    - `git checkout my-feature-branch`
    - `git merge temp_merging_branch`
    - This should go smoothly, as you're essentially only applying the resolved merge conflicts
  - Now that your feature branch is all up-to-date, merge it into the iteration branch
    - `git checkout iteration0`
    - `git merge my-feature-branch`
  - Check that everything looks good and delete the temporary merging branch
    - `git branch -D temp_merging_branch`
    
All of this seems like a lot of work, but it will keep the merge history looking pretty good and will reduce headaches when there are many conflicts to resolve.
